[DEVX-1555] Add concurrency shard option (#1109)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress/yaml.md

### `shard`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

When sharding is configured, saucectl automatically splits the tests (e.g., by spec or concurrency) so that they can easily run in parallel.

> For sharding by concurrency, saucectl splits test files into serveral groups by concurrency. Then it starts job for each group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For sharding by concurrency, saucectl splits test files into several groups (the number of groups is determined by the concurrency setting). Each group will then run as an individual job.
```

Reviewer: Copy paste the above suggestion to playwright and testcafe as well 🙏
